(***)
yes
London and compact houses.
mm mm
mm mmm
mmmmmmm
ummm
wow
ahhhh
ohh
So the building is big, but there's nothing really around the way.
mmmm mm  back yard.
Really, really compact.
ohhh
In Europe, which country?
I think France. I don't know, just randomly thinking.
I've been thinking.
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's what i hear though
Yeah yeah yeah , I hear that a lot too.
ohh
I don't think so.
uh huh
Pickpocket, uh huh.
i think it's pickpocketers.
Big pocket?
yeah ha ha ha
ah ha (***) uh huh
uh huh
ohhh
uh-huh
uh huh'
The ball is somewhere else. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
ha ha ha
huh ha ha
huh ha yeah
uh huh yeah
uh huh uh huh
yeah yeah  pick
uh huh'
uh huh
uh huh yeah
oh uh huh
Uh-huh.
oh
uh uh uh huh
yeah uh huh
uh huh
uh huh ohhhh
ha ha ha ha (****) yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
uh huh
huh uh huh
huh
huhhh I see, I see.
uh uh
oh no
oh
yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah
oh huh ha yeah
yeah haa
uh huh
uh huh yeah that's true
then (***)
ha ha ha
oh hooo
Spain is it like (***)
Is it almost every country in Europe?
France and Spain. Not England?
huh
huh (***)
ha ha
pickpocket
pickpocket  big-pocketed.
i think that's over i'll check it out huh haa
yeah uh huh
huh yeah
uh huh
huh
yeah yeah yeah
uh huh'